Update Kconfig dependencies (#603)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf-bm: doc/nrf-bm/release_notes/release_notes_changelog.rst

Build system
============

> * Updated the Kconfig dependencies for e.g. drivers, libraries and bluetooth LE services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the Kconfig dependencies, including those for drivers, libraries, and Bluetooth LE services.
```
